Eztools are a set of gui controls to aid in annotating Matlab
figures.  Separate portions of Eztools can be called directly
from the command line, or the entire set of routines can be 
added to the current plot by typing 'eztools' from the
command line (after the eztools directory is added to the
current path).  

Eztools was patterned after Keith Roger's matmenus, modified 
to include the ez routines.  Eztools also uses Eric Johnson's
arrow.m routine and subzoom.m written by Doug Harriman.   
All are available from the Math Work's ftp site.

A description of each routine is provided in the help portion
of each .m file.

These routines were written on a unix platform and also tested
under Windows 3.1 running in 1024 x 768 resolution.  For lower
resolutions, the window sizes may require adjusting.  
Compatability on other platforms was not tested.  

The following routines can also be run directly from the command
line and require no input arguments.

	ezlegend     ezaxes
	ezarrow      viewer
	ezlabels     pageset
  	eztext       wysiwyg
	crsshair     subzoom

Edit the file printerf.m to include the path for your default
printer.

Notes:
   Eztools makes use of the gcf and gca commands, and thus it
is possible to get the pointers mixed up and apply attributes
to a figure or axis other than the intended one.  Attributes are
applied to the current axes in the current figure.  Clicking on the
desired axes in the desired figure window will set the current values.
This is particularly useful when using figures with subplots.

   Text objects are assigned to the current axes, therefore rescaling
the axes after text is added will move the text.

   Labels (xlabel, ylabel, zlabel, title) are treated differently than
text objects and therefore should not be moved or rotated.

   Arrows should be added last, since it places an additional set of
axes on the figure (invisible).

   When a hardcopy is desired, pagesetup should be used to set 
margins and figure sizes first, and then select wysiwyg to set 
the window size to the hardcopy size.  Add text, legends and
arrows after wysiwyg to ensure objects are printed as they appear 
on the screen.

Richard G. Cobb                                       3/96
email: rcobb@afit.af.mil
